[Uncle Clifford] Y'all best
sit y'all asses down.
It's time forP-Valley.
They say if we don't
pay up in 30 days,
they gone have our asses
kissin' the asphalt.
[Patrice]
Can't believe I even let you
hide your booty money
in the church building fund.
You sho'll wun't complainin'
when I put that booty money
in y'all account
so y'all could apply
for that loan.
The new home of
the Chucalissa Challengers.
-[all screaming]
-I put that money down
for my new church building.
-This gone be my gym.
-[Patrice] No.
This gone be my church.
[screams] Fuck you, bitch!
[Andre] Hello...
[Britney] Andre, where are you?
I'm at your place.
I'm at the bar, uh,
w-watching a game.
Well, I'll just come down--
No, no, no. No, stay there.
I'll be right up...dear.
I shot you.
Not well enough.
Where my money, Hailey?
Fuck you, motherfucker!
[both gasping]
[gunshots]
[Corbin] Why are you out here
protesting the casino,
Clifford?
[Uncle Clifford]
To help save my club.
Yo' club being saved
wun't a part of the plan.
This casino might go away
without your
waterfront property.
I say we make the man
an offer he can't refuse.
[Bill] Aw, there's no point
in making an offer
if he's about to go
on the auction block.
[Autumn] 250,000.
Do I hear 260?
I've got 250 going once.
Sold for $250,000
to the lady in white.
This here a carnelian,
one of them healin' crystals.
This one 'sposed
to give you courage.
I'on need not a na'an
'nother faking,
floggin'-ass gangsta
on my roster.
I'm looking for dat
authenticity.
Well, I'ma Hurt
Village Hustla for life.
I can connect you
with the dopest producers.
DJ Neva Scared my producer.
[Uncle Clifford] Now you know
good and goddamn well
that me and you
ain't meant for the outside.
So that's how it's always
gone be--
we just gone suck and fuck
in the dark?
What y'all ballers doin'?
We 'bout
that bidness right now.
Niggah, fuck you!
I was just flexing.
It's habit.
You know where the do' is.
[Derrick] What the fuck
was that shit about?
Just the guy
who said he wants to be
Lil' Murda's manager
said he could manage me too.
Does he wanna be your manager
or your fucking pimp?
Why you was just yoking up
Keyshawn like that just then?
Diamond, that ain't none of
your business.
Putting yo' paws
on these girls is my bidness.
I don't know why Keyshawn deal
with these gutter niggers.
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[Keyshawn] Get off him!
[children yelling]
[indistinct adult shouting]
[overlapping shouting]
[party horn blowing]
[mother] Sit yo' ass down
somewhere!
No!
-Put that down!
-[horns honking]
-[overlapping chatter]
-[mother] Put that away!
-[vomits]
-[mother] Come on!
[mother] Why don't you
go to the bathroom?
[children's commotion
continues]
Hey, I'm finna go
to the 7-Eleven.
-[mother] Wha--
-[shouting, chatter]
[crickets chirping]
[distant dog barking]
[pensive music playing]
♪ ♪
[engine turns]
[Steve Harvey]
We not askin' you
to shoot them
like you shoot us.
We askin' younot to shoot us
like youdon't shoot them.
We saw it yesterday.
-That's a--
-[click]
♪ ♪
[edgy strings]
[Lil' Bad Cuzzin] Hiiii!!
[Lil' Bad Cuzzin] Heyyyyy!
Pshh...
Ha.
[Lil' Bad Cuzzin] Yaaasss!
Pshh.
[funky bass chords]
♪ ♪
Make this car feel like
a Mercedes.
You dancin' tonight?
You don't wanna see her dance.
[Autumn] Need a receipt?
Naw, uh-uh.
I'on need no evidence.
[Big L] Smart man.
You can pull on up.
And make sure
you roll up your windows.
You don't wanna get wet.
-[chuckles]
-[engine turns over]
Damn. Mmm.
[Jucee Froot's "Distance remix
[feat. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie]"
playing]
[playful hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
[A Boogie wit da Hoodie]
♪ Look, I might be ♪
♪ No good for you, girl,
trust me ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I can see me and you
in a penthouse right now ♪
♪ Fucking when we kissing ♪
♪ I don't even trust myself,
how can you trust me? ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ ♪
[dramatic musical sting]
Aww, heyell, naw.
[Uncle Clifford, through mic]
Mm-mm.
Don't run from it. Ha.
I'ma need you to come
deep inside.
But don't hit
them walls, nanh.
Ooh!
At least not yet.
Keep your hands on the wheel!
'Cause Uncle Clifford's girls
finna take you
down to the valley, chile...
-[chuckles]
-[male voice] ♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! ♪
[A Boogie wit da Hoodie]
♪ I might be no good ♪
♪ For you, girl, trust me ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I can see me and you
in a penthouse right now ♪
♪ Fucking when we kissing ♪
♪ I don't even trust myself,
how can you trust me? ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
[Jucee Froot] ♪ Two wrongs
don't make it right ♪
♪ But it's one night ♪
♪ Boy, you know
you get it on sight ♪
♪ My distant lover ♪
♪ Know we gotta fuck
with no rubber ♪
♪ We don't need the covers ♪
♪ Know it get wetter
than a puddle ♪
♪ I give you 50 feet but
tell me, do you need more? ♪
♪ Remember when we fucked
Keisha with the deep throat ♪
♪ TLC, so baby
get your creep on ♪
♪ She a freak,
but, baby, we ain't equal ♪
♪ I don't see nothing wrong
with a bump and grind ♪
♪ I just wanna bust it
with you on the Facetime ♪
♪ Lickin' on the screen,
I know what it taste like ♪
♪ Turn you to a fiend,
I just wanna take flight ♪
♪ I want all of you
or none of you ♪
♪ All of you or none of you ♪
♪ When you coming through,
I'm coming too ♪
♪ Boy, I'm missing you,
that's all I do ♪
[A Boogie wit da Hoodie]
♪ I might be no good ♪
♪ For you, girl, trust me ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ ♪
[Jucee Froot] ♪ Wanna see
this ass, throw some cash ♪
♪ Got the type of body make
you bust behind the glass ♪
♪ Quarantine pussy on ya face
no mask ♪
♪ Bring your black card
to the pink for a pass ♪
♪ You can come see it HD, 3-D ♪
♪ Niggah know that
I'm a big freak, big tease ♪
♪ Till you throw it
like a teepee ♪
♪ Trick or treat,
made a niggah go skeet skeet ♪
♪ Make the seat
go squeak squeak ♪
♪ Put it in cruise control ♪
♪ Show you what I do
if you was the pole ♪
♪ Climb it fast and I'ma
drop on it slow ♪
♪ Tighter than a child lock
on the door ♪
♪ Got a fat ass
with some pretty titties ♪
♪ It look even better
up in that Bentley ♪
♪ Pussy litty, got yo windows
looking tinted ♪
♪ No kizzy I bring out
the city ♪
♪ That ass be coming
like Jiffy, uh ♪
♪ Whip the Rari while he play
with that pussy ♪
♪ Got his hand up in the jar
like he takin' the cookie ♪
♪ Got some real
expensive nookie ♪
♪ He gone pay me in Gucci ♪
♪ Why your love so far away,
got me feelin' like Boosie ♪
♪ He be asking for the cutie
with the big ol' booty ♪
♪ Named Jucee but I fucked
the boy like my name Judy ♪
♪ You can see it,
but don't touch it ♪
♪ Got 'em dripping
and drooling ♪
♪ One hundred falling
scrub the ground ♪
♪ Like the floor got cooties ♪
[A Boogie wit da Hoodie]
♪ I might be no good ♪
♪ For you girl, trust me ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I can see me and you
in a penthouse right now ♪
♪ Fucking when we kissing ♪
♪ I don't even trust myself,
how can you trust me? ♪
♪ Love me from a distance,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Love me from a distance ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
-[tap tap]
[Uncle Clifford chuckling]
Mm-hmm.
Here's some weed wings
on the house.
[Julian] Thanks.
And some wipes for that
dashboard righ' thur.
♪ ♪
[Clifford] Mmm.
[chuckling]
[sighs]
[tense music plays]
[Jucee Froot]
♪ Down in the valley ♪
♪ Where the girls get naked ♪
♪ If you throwin' bands ♪
♪ Then you know
she gon' shake it ♪
♪ One, two, break 'em ♪
♪ Three, four, rake 'em ♪
♪ These niggahs grind hard ♪
♪ But these bitches
grind harder ♪
♪ Climbing up the pole
♪ Just to get out the bottom ♪
♪ The crowd below ♪
♪ Stay ready for the show ♪
♪ The pimps, the dough ♪
♪ Don't let it take yo' soul ♪
♪ We make fallin' on the sky
look easy ♪
♪ Look at my bitches ♪
♪ Gangsta walking
on the ceiling ♪
♪ Green on the flo' ♪
♪ Money talk
can you hear me? ♪
♪ The world is so addicting ♪
♪ But dreams is expensive
keep spending ♪
♪ Work hard for the top
can't fall now ♪
♪ But whatever goes up
must fall down ♪
♪ What you do
when the power out? ♪
♪ Kids hungry, can't do none
but scream and shout ♪
♪ We all choose to live
but it's different routes ♪
♪ Take the shit with shine
gotta make it count ♪
♪ When you live and die
by the paper route ♪
♪ You spend a dime
just to make it out, yeah ♪
[Jucee Froot]
♪ Down in the valley ♪
♪ Where the girls get naked ♪
♪ If you throwin' bands ♪
♪ Then you know
she gon' shake it ♪
♪ One, two, break 'em ♪
♪ Three, four, rake 'em ♪
[Shae Marie's "IDFWYB" playing]
♪ I'on fuck with you bitches ♪
♪ You bitches stay
in ya' feelings ♪
♪ You say you
chasin' a bag ♪
♪ But you just broke
and pretendin' ♪
♪ Shoulda known
you was fake ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't clap
when I win ♪
♪ Now you tryna compete ♪
♪ But you a low-key fan ♪
♪ Not you gettin' salty, cause
bitch, I thought you was bland♪
[Autumn] How is it?
It's fine.
It's been, like,
five months now.
I'ma make you
a doctor's appoint--
I said it's fine.
[both sigh]
[muffled music continues
in background]
[Uncle Clifford] Autumn!
Mercedes!
Where y'all heaux at?
We got one mo'-oooh!
-Places, bitches, places!
-[Autumn] Come on. Last dance.
Shiiiiiiiiit...
[Shae Marie] ♪ Gotta get this
paper, fuck these haters ♪
♪ They can't stop me now ♪
♪ I won't say yo' name,
I know the game ♪
♪ You just want some fuckin'
clout ♪
♪ All you bitches lame,
I got good aim ♪
♪ So watch your fuckin'
mouth ♪
♪ Shae Marie's the name,
I can't be tamed ♪
♪ I'm from the fuckin' South ♪
♪ ♪
[Jupiter] Uncle Clifford,
how you keep that baby quiet?
I can't keep her
quiet fuh nuthin'!
Thass cuz Uncle Clifford
be putting bure
in that baby's bottle.
Oh, niggah, I ain't puttin'
no bure in this baby bottle.
I put whiskey.
This baby teethin' early,
heyell.
[Autumn]
Don't leave here tonight
without confirming
your transfers now.
I don't need another rerun
like last night.
Brazil and Toy?
-I'm good.
-Got it.
[Autumn]
Extra-Extra and Jupiter?
-[Extra-Extra] Yup, yup, yup.
-[Jupiter] Confirmed.
You get yours?
You sho' you flipt me
all my scrilla?
Uh, yeah.
Fuh real?
-Big L, you get yours?
-I got it, bawse.
I'on even know
why the heyell Big L
even gettin' a cut
offa Pussyland.
He ain't even got no pussy!
I got them wangs.
Better respect
my contribution.
Well, yo' contribution
be burnt.
Now you know
errythang in Pussyland
go to the same pot,
and then we split it.
I'on see why fuh?
Niggahs steady stay cummmin'
fuh the Mercedes Experience,
and yet a bitch be
leavin' here with Lincolns.
Chile, you ain't hardly
leavin' here with no Lincolns.
Autumn zip-zoop
the same scrilla
to errybody
at the end of the night.
-Should she be?
-What does that mean?
I'm just sayin', mymilkshake
brings all the boys
to the yard,
and what with all I been doing,
a bitch need to be
gettin' paid mo' panini
than Toy non-poling ass.
Excurse me?
Uhhh, you and Toy basically
be doin' the same thang.
[scoffs] Guuuh, what I do
and what Toy do
ain't no kinda 'quivalent.
That's like comparin'
a orange to a barracuda.
-I got yo' barracuda, bitch.
-Bring it, bitch.
Ah-ah-ah-aht!
Security! Security!
Big L, yo' ass
stay slow as molasses!
Is y'all bitches on y'all cycle
or something!?
Or it's the moon.
I'm just sayin',
all y'all bets appreciate
what I been doin'
these past five months,
cuz if it wun't for me,
all y'all heaux
wouldna made nary a Tubman
this whole pandemy.
-[Brazil] Girl!
-Keep on and this booty
gone be gone.
So finally we get to see
yo' last dance, huh?
[Uncle Clifford]
Toy, sit your ass down.
[Toy] Naw. Niggah,
she always messing with me.
[Uncle Clifford] Making fun of
her!
Chile, don't start no shit,
won't be no shit--
Come hure, y'all, look.
[laughs]
What y'all lookin' at?
-[Big L] I'll be goddamned.
-[Toy] Ooh!
Keyshawn on her glow-up
like a bitch ain't never seen!
[all squealing]
[Brazil] From The Pynk
to the Palace.
[Extra-Extra] Our girl
Keyshawn is a video heauuux!
My, my,
how thangs have changed.
[Jupiter] Ooh, and look
at Lil' Murda.
[Extra-Extra] Oh!
He quarantine thick, ain't he?
-[women chattering, laughing]
-Periodt!
-Iced out--okay.
-[Toy] Mmm!
Unh-uh! Unh-uh!
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-aht!
Keyshawn shadow shan't never
cross my front do'.
I don't want
not na'an 'nother night
like Murda Night in my life.
See, she forgot Uncle Clifford
Rule number 45.22:
"Leave your babydaddy
drama at home,
especially if his ass white."
Jupiter, I hope you ain't got
no babydaddy drama
we gone have to deal with.
I'on even know who he is,
so we good.
[laughter]
[Big L murmurs]
-[door closes]
-What now?
Got denied
the relief loan again.
Talkin' 'bout we non-essential.
How is we non-essential?
Do they know how many niggahs
runnin' 'round here
with blue balls?
-How much is left?
-From what?
[Autumn] From what I gave you.
How much is left?
25K.
25-fucking-K?
How many Birkins
did you buy, heiffa?
Who you callin' heiffa, heiffa?
I put 250 stacks
down at the auction.
55 went to paying off
that fucking predatory loan
you went and got.
That left 195K,
which I gave all to you.
Do you know how much it cost
to keep these bitches afloat
once everythang shut down?
I had to make sho' they was fed
so they didn't
haveta give no head.
And how much was that
these past five months?
Uh, ab-about what, uh, uh, 55K?
Okay, so how did
all of that become 25K?!
Look, they wouldn't let us
dance on the inside,
so I came up with Pussyland.
Then we had to beg, borrow,
and steal PPE and shit.
Heyell, Maite had to go back
home
after she almost burnt
her damn eyebrows off
making jugs of homemade
sanitizer outta tequila.
[Big L laughing]
And don't forget
the Paradise Room.
Which, as you know,
had to undergo
a complete renovation, partnah.
Ooh, I don't even know why
I should be calling you that
since you just steady
stay screamin' and hollerin'
'bout how youthe owner.
Quit it.
I gave you 15% ownership.
Is that what
gettin' rid of bodies
goin fuh nowadays?
I'm just askin'...
for a friend.
I see why Mercedes
want a bigger cut.
Heyell, I do too.
I'mthe one who makes sure
she's taken care of.
I'mthe one who used
her last dime
to give her the down payment
for her gym.
Well, ain't no use in being
the richest bitch
in the graveyard, Hailey.
'Sides, it's the least
yo' yellahass could do.
You got one more time
to call me
a mu'fucking
yellah ass, I swear--
-[commotion]
-Aw, heyell! What?
What is these heaux
fighting about, now?
[Big L] Mm-mm.
Move!
[cheering, chattering]
What? The aliens done come?
-Huh?
-The governor of Mississippi
has just announced that
lockdown will end next week.
-[Uncle Clifford laughing]
-The executive order allows...
It's a new day, bitches!
[all cheering]
Ooh, y'all ready fuh that
Grand Re-Re-RE-opening! Hey!
[anchor] Despite
restrictions being lifted,
the death toll
continues to mount.
Tonight, beloved
Mayor Tydell Ruffin died
at Chucalissa General
of coronavirus complications.
He was the first Black mayor
of Chucalissa.
City Council Chair Wayne Kyle
has been named
as Interim Mayor
to oversee the city's
re-reopening.
What do you think this means
for all those big casino plans?
Chile, this casinah shit
might be Bernie...
just like the mayor.
[groans]
[person on TV]
The most recent data shows
that over the past
few weeks prices have...
♪ ♪
[muffed announcer
on car radio]
Fuck.
[line ringing]
[Andre] Aw, no, don't!
Here he comes... Here he comes!
[Britney] Just getting my milk.
-Oh, babe, hey.
-[Britney] I'll be quick.
What are you--
How was work?
It was good.
You were supposed to stock
the basement kitchen fridge
with my almond milk.
Ah, shit.
Sorry, babe.
Day got away from me.
What have you
been doing all day?
Look, I don't wanna possibly
get you sick
by coming up here on the main.
I called you, like,
three times.
In fact, a lot of people
been calling you.
Hell, Eloise called you seven
times, and... Who's Hailey?
"My condolence--"
Can't be.
Eloise,
sorry I missed your call.
I just heard.
When?
I thought he was
getting better.
Last night? Wow.
Okay. Um, yeah.
Of cour--of course, of course.
I can drive
to Mississippi tomorrow.
No, no, no, you can't go.
It's not safe.
-The wake'll be at F&G?
-No, Andre.
-What about the funeral?
-You are not--
Andre, NO! No!
Eloi--Eloise,
let me call you back.
Britney--babe--
[Britney] You really
wanna know how my day was?
I lost seven patients today!
That's why I said "good."
Because the day before
it was 12.
Baby, baby.
I just--
[sobs]
I know you think
I'm overly cautious.
OCD, maybe, I--
I just--I don't--I don't
wish this on my worst enemy.
[Andre] Babe, I'll take
all the necessary precautions.
Fact, I won't even
go to the funeral,
but I must--I must--
pay my respects.
Go.
But, get to the wake early,
not late.
You know how niggahs are.
[door creaks open, slams shut]
[trap music plays]
♪ ♪
[Patrice] We all
in the belly of the whale now.
Pressed up
against them ribs, chile.
Trapped inside
with them dark feelings
and them dark tendencies
festerin' like boils,
swarmin' your head
like locusts.
[crowd responds]
When Moses raised his hand,
God blocked out the sun.
These days must be endured,
felt, survived,
as there is no dawn
without the dark.
[thunder crashes]
Hey, Lord!
Hallelujah!
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma be stupid rich ♪
♪ I'ma blow a whole damn bag ♪
♪ Push start brand new Jag ♪
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
Maine, I'on know, maine.
It sound a little too twinkly.
Cap! This beat got some tremolo
like you ain't never felt.
We done went over this mix,
like, 24 times.
Well, niggah,
maybe we get to number 27,
it'll be bussin'.
It's just missing a little--
play it again.
[twinkling hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
♪ I told ya ♪
Listen to me.
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
-[rhythmic metallic clanking]
-♪ I'ma be stupid rich ♪
♪ I'ma blow a whole damn bag ♪
♪ Push start brand new Jag ♪
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma go stupid dumb ♪
♪ I'ma spend stupid money ♪
♪ Comin' up out the mud ♪
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma be stupid rich ♪
♪ I'ma blow a whole damn bag ♪
♪ Might make
a fuck niggah mad ♪
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma go stupid dumb ♪
♪ I'ma spend stupid money ♪
♪ Comin' up out the mud ♪
-Yuh! You got that? Uh-huh.
-[DJ Neva Scared] Yeah.
-[Lil' Murda] Uh-huh.
-Yeah! Yeah!
Shiiit, let me find out a
niggah might not need a niggah.
-Right?
-[DJ Neva Scared] Huh!
Yeah, that shit
fresh to death on God.
Right? Aight, aight, aight.
aight, aight.
Gone stir that up in the
pot.
They thought that
"Mississippi Pride" slapped,
wait till the skreets
get ahold of this one.
You'en even know
I could do that, did you?
Shit, no, man. The fuck!?
[Lil' Murda exhales]
Pulled them pots out,
that boy confused as hell,
wun't he?
[both laugh]
Stir, that on
up in the pot.
-Mm.
-[DJ Neva Scared] Mm-hmm.
Heard The Pynk openin' back up.
You goin' back?
[laughs]
Ain't gone kill me in no club.
-Punk ass.
-[both laugh]
You talk to Uncle Clifford?
What the fuck that niggah
be talkin' to me fuh?
Damn, niggah, I just thought
since The Pynk opening back up,
they might have you back
to pack it out.
-[pounding on door]
-Aw... Naw.
I'm too swole fuh The Pynk,
lil' niggah.
[DJ Neva Scared laughs]
Aw, you swole, now?
Shit, I might have
to get you a feature
on this secret joint
I'm working on then.
[Lil' Murda] Fuck a feature.
What you need to do
is mix down my mursic.
I'll jump on another
niggah shit later.
[Sloth]
Ahhh, Hurt Village Hustlas
know they stay with
that good shit.
[Lil' Murda] You know
we stay with that good-good.
[Sloth] That good.
[thumping hip-hop music
playing on speakers]
♪ ♪
[Lil' Murda's "Mississippi
Pride" playing]
♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪
♪ M-I crooked letter,
crooked letter I ♪
♪ Crooked letter,
♪ Humpback, humpback I ♪
♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪
♪ M-I, crooked letter,
crooked letter I...♪
Niggah, when you comin' out
with a new joint?
We need some more Lil' Murda
in the quarantation.
Soon, niggah. Soon.
♪ Gotta keep one on me ♪
♪ Don't get your wig split ♪
♪ They don't want no smoke
ain't talkin' cigarettes ♪
♪ Put it all on the line ♪
♪ Went and got me
a bigger check ♪
♪ Herringbone chain
stacked up ♪
♪ I'ma need me a bigger neck ♪
♪ Y'all flodge on the Internet♪
♪ My niggahs be into dat ♪
♪ See Impalas and Caddies
pulling up ♪
♪ Whenever I feel a threat ♪
♪ We don't do
too much talkin' ♪
♪ Just a lot
of gangsta walkin' ♪
♪ Come to my city
play it safe ♪
♪ Or end up leavin'
in a coffin, it's Murda ♪
[Mercedes moaning]
[pounding on door]
[moaning continues]
♪ That look wet ♪
♪ Tropicana blue drip wet
now I'm set ♪
♪ Gotta get that trip
gone get that bag ♪
-♪ That look wet ♪
-[volume increases]
♪ That look wet,
that look wet ♪
♪ That look wet ♪
Call myself
being celibate for a yure.
Now Mane hemmed up on some
trumped-up robbery charge,
then Miss Rona
call herself visiting
with no plans of leavin'--
like somebody else I know.
I'm looking.
I just haven't found anything
in Chucalissa I love.
Well, maybe you should settle
for somethin' you like.
You seemed to be loudly
enjoying yourself this morning.
Chile, I'on even know
what a dick look like no mo'
if it ain't purple and plastic.
I'ma tell you, tho,
first thing I'ma do
when this shit over with,
is jump Mane dick on sight.
[Autumn]
Wait, you not gonna eat?
Had Henney, a blunt, and a nut.
I don't need nothin' else.
[smacks lips] Blackie Mild.
I was thinking about
what you said last night.
You're right--you've been
holding us down for a minute.
-Mm-hmm.
-So for the grand
Re-Re-Re-Opening,
I'm gonna negotiate a cut
offa the door for you.
Just the do'?
Yes, just the door.
I know you been holding down
two mortgages,
the house, and the gym.
So you welcome.
You've been doing the most,
and we just can't be
puttin' alla this
on your shoulders.
That's why...
I'm auditioning
for some new girls.
Hold up, hold up,
holdupholdupholdup.
Ain't nobody said nothin'
'bout gettin' some new girls.
More girls in the rotation'll
give your shoulder
a chance to heal.
It's fine.
Plus, Beyoncé need her
Kelly and Michelle.
The best we had are gone.
Soon as Gidget's mama passed,
she took the first bus
up outta here.
-And Keyshawn--
-Hey.
Don't bring that bitch name
up in my house!
I don't get you
and Uncle Clifford--
[Mercedes] She pulled a gun!
She was trying to stop--
That bitch pulled a gun
on framily!
Where they do that at?
You don't understand.
Actually, I do.
All I'm saying is,
we lost two of the best-ish
dancers The Pynk ever had.
We gone have to get
some new blood.
Naw, we good on the blood.
You see how I snatched up
errybody for Pussyland?
I'll whip Toy funk ass
and 'nem into shape.
Don't you worry
your little head...
Bawse.
[door opens, closes]
[LightSkinKeisha's
"Spend Sum Cash" playing]
[upbeat hip-hop music playing]
♪ ♪
♪ B-b-bankroll got it ♪
[LightSkinKeisha]
♪ Big Bank Beisha, yeah ♪
♪ Bitch, I'm back at it ♪
♪ Post a thirst trap ♪
♪ Bet your niggah
double tap it ♪
♪ Got that come back, got him
turnin' to an addict ♪
♪ Round of applause when
that ass get to clappin' ♪
♪ Booty so big he wanna
throw a stack on it ♪
♪ Bossy lil' bitch,
keep a couple racks on me ♪
♪ Thirty-inch weave
I could sit my ass on it ♪
♪ Make your babydaddy
wanna spend some cash on me ♪
♪ I ain't never ever worried
'bout a sneak diss ♪
♪ 'Cause nine times outta ten
it's from a weak bitch ♪
♪ Everything big,
I don't do no weak shit ♪
♪ These bitches can't see me
♪ 'Less they pay the fee,
bitch [period!] ♪
♪ I be stayin' to myself... ♪
[Keyshawn] It's ya girl.
Miss M-I-crooked letter-
crooked letter-I
in all yuh buildings.
Make sure you visit
my website in the chat
to get yo' Miss Sipp teas.
Let me know if you like
what you sip.
Hollaaa!!!
[Regal crying]
You had more than 400,000
this Live.
[sighs] It was unbelievable.
You watched the whole time?
I watch everything.
Hey, Key, I got another
job interview at three.
-I got another Live at three.
-[Derrick] Keyshawn, I--
-Rome just set it up.
-Yeah, well, Rome--
Rome needs to ask me
before he sets shit up.
He's got you doing this Zoom,
this Live--
Also this endorsement deal,
that makeup line possibility.
It's just work, Derrick.
Yeah, well, it seems like
the only one working is you.
This is all just temporary.
This shit gone end.
The day'll come
when you'll be back
at the shop,
and I'll be in front
of a crowd again.
Naw.
That room's all you need.
[pensive music playing]
♪ ♪
[Regal crying]
Hey, hey.
It's okay.
Hey, it's okay.
What you going on about?
What?
[Mercedes] How my Chucalissa
Challengers holdin' up?
[all] Hey, y'all!
-I miss y'all so much!
-Girl, booty done got sooo fat!
Aye-aye-aye-aye-ayeee!
Y'all don't need to be worried
'bout what your booty
look like.
Be worried 'bout
what your booty can do.
Now, I bet
ain't na'an one of y'all
been practicing
yuh death drops.
[all] No, ma'am.
Well, y'all best
gets to droppin'
cuz the first
Challenger practice
comin' up next week, and y'all
mamas need to pay--
Ms. Cedes, my mama said
she ain't gonna let me come.
Mine neither.
But lockdown ending next week.
[Challenger] But my mama
can't afford it, she say.
How many y'all mamas said that?
Naw, my mama ain't say
she can't afford it...
she just wanna wait
until it's all over.
Well, guess it's just gonna be
me, Terricka, and Ms. Cedes.
Naw...
Cuz Terricka mama ain't
gone let her come neither.
[apprehensive music plays]
[Uncle Clifford] See, I told you
we could repurpose
these Pussyland poles.
I know how to remix me
some shit.
[chuckles] Hand me that,
uh, hex key.
Chile, what that is?
[gasps]
Did you turn on the AC?
Nah...
[Autumn] You think it'll be
done before the weekend?
-[both yelp]
-Sweet baby Jesus!
Sorry.
Didn't mean to scare y'all.
Just wanted to know
if everything will be done
before the Re-Re-RE-Opening.
Look, well, wait till
you see this shit
that Big L done did.
Mm...
Hoo hoo hoo!
Yes! Yes!
Impressive.
[Big L] Shopping Network
had a special.
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[Autumn] Turn the lights off.
You see that?
How the fuck
that bleach ain't work?
Niggah,
you supposed to use peroxide.
[Big L]
There ain't no peroxide.
Nothing works.
Paint the walls red--
bloodstains always
bleed back through.
[Lil' Murda] Woddy?
Woddy?
Woddy!
-[groans] Uhh...
-What the FUCK?! GODDAMN!
Niggah...what, you was gone
shoot the dead dead?
Hell mu'fuckin' yeah!
Well, it ain't the niggahs
in the graveyard
you need to be scared of.
Niggah...
I'm worried 'bout you.
Been working more all-nighters,
my dude.
I see the devil been busy.
What yousaid.
Well, we 'bout to be busy.
I need you to book me
on a tour.
Niggah, a tour?
We gotta capitalize
right now, Woddy.
We need to roll with that
same type of energy
before everything
went sideways.
Me and DJ Neva Scared been
making beaucoup music.
Yeah, I hope it ain't no slaw,
niggah.
Niggah, ain't you seen my video
got views on top of views?
Yeah, but is that
because of you or Keyshawn?
Fuck you mean?
Keyshawn been having
bored-in-the-house-niggahs
in-the-house-bored slobbin'
into they phones for months.
That's why Rome snatched her up
quicker than a Snicker.
Yeah, well, I wish
I had a manager
bringin' in
brand ambassador opps.
Let me know, I'll call
the weave and the lash company.
Niggah, I ain't no hoe!
And if you gone
manage my shit,
I need you to manage it, Woddy.
Let's say you go on tour,
in the middle of the pandemy.
What would be the draw?
Keyshawn.
Good luck on that.
Rome said baby daddy
got her locked up
in the house all day
and all night.
Can't believe
that niggah white.
Me neither, bruh!
Niggah, don't you wanna
get up outta hure?
Be on the road,
sleepin' up in some pussy
instead of
a mu'fuckin' coffin?
One thing niggahs know,
life shawt.
If we don't
get outta here now,
when we gone go?
You ain't get scared?
No.
I ain't scared of the living.
[line trilling]
[Lil' Murda] ♪ M-I-crooked
letter-crooked letter-I ♪
♪ Crooked letter-
crooked letter-I ♪
♪ Humpback-humpback-I ♪
♪ Mississippi pride, pride ♪
What up, girl?
Ain't nobody heard
nothin' from you
since that video.
I'ma get you them stacks
I owe you
and then some, a'ight?
Mm-hmm, keep talking.
[Lil' Murda] Me and you
headlinin' clubs
all across the Dirty South.
Mississippi Pole Princess
and Trap Prince reunite.
So you wanna go on tour
in the middle
of a fuckin' pandemic?
[Lil' Murda]
Hear me out, tho.
Skreets been hangry for us.
You seen the ticker
on our video?
We gone be about 400k
before the week out.
I get that in a day.
'Memba Murda Night, tho?
Huh?
'Memba how it felt to have
all them eyes on yo' skin?
-I--
-All them folk makin'
a memory of you?
Think I'ma have to pass. Bye.
Oh, and run me
my staaaacks, bwoy!
[Regal farts]
Ooh! [coughs]
You lucky you so cute.
Cuz you'es a stanky-panky.
A stanky-panky!
[Regal babbling]
[pensive music playing]
♪ ♪
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
[Regal fussing]
[somber music playing]
♪ ♪
[sobs]
[Eloise] Didn't know if you
was gone make it.
[Andre] How you holding up?
Not well.
But right now, who is?
Bet they got you busy
showing Wayne Kyle
the ropes down at city hall.
[Eloise] Mmm, chile,
they let me go 'fore
Ruffin body was lukewarm.
How's his sons taking it?
Done cried enough to flood
the Mississippi River
twice over.
They know they loooved
they daddy.
[Andre chuckles]
What he call 'em?
-The Trifling Five.
-[Eloise] The Trifling Six.
Six?
He got back
with the third baby mama
in the end.
[sighs, chuckles]
I feel like I should've
been there in the end.
Well, still need
one more pallbearer.
His youngest ain't but one,
so we still need
one more somebody
to help carry him on home.
Uh... [chuckles]
I can't. My wife...
She, uh...
[Eloise] I know y'all wasn't
on the best of terms
in the end,
but you should know
he loved you.
Something fierce.
Like a son.
[sentimental music plays]
♪ ♪
[Autumn] Shawt me down?
[Andre] Wha?
[Autumn] I said...
Shawt...
me...
down.
♪ ♪
[Andre]
Well, ain't you sounding
like a Chucalissa native?
"Shawt me down."
I guess Chucalissa done
crept up in my veins
just like a good vice.
Seem like you developed one
of your own since.
I can only smoke far,
far away from Atlanta.
Well, that wife of yours
probably can smell it
on you from here, tho.
[chuckles]
Hailey, I thought
if I saw you again,
I'd slap you.
Is that right?
Don't worry.
I won't kill you.
I could be the one to kill you.
[Autumn] No.
I already gotten it.
Whipped through the club
like an F5 tornado.
I wish I could say
grief gets better.
It doesn't get better?
No.
Just changes.
[thunder rumbles]
Kinda like a cloud.
Sometimes it's cumulus,
stratus, cirrus even.
And sometimes...
...it's a fuckin' hurricane.
He was the father to me
that my father couldn't be.
Always there for me.
And I can't even help
put him in the ground.
[Autumn]
Funerals ain't for the dead.
They're for the living.
[thunder rumbles]
[lightning crashes]
[Sam Cooke's "The Last Mile
of the Way" plays]
[Sam Cooke] ♪ If I walk ♪
♪ In the pathway of duty ♪
[singers vocalizing]
♪ If I work ♪
♪ Till the close ♪
♪ Of the day, Lord ♪
♪ Mm, mm ♪
♪ I shall see ♪
♪ The great king in all ♪
♪ His beauty ♪
♪ When I've gone ♪
♪ The last mile ♪
♪ Of the way, Lord, yes, sir ♪
-♪ When I've gone ♪
-[choir] ♪ When I've gone ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ The last mile ♪
-[choir] ♪ My last mile ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ Of the way ♪
-[choir] ♪ When I've gone ♪
-♪ The last mile of the way ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ I shall rest ♪
-[choir] ♪ I shall rest ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ At the close ♪
-[choir] ♪ At the close ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ Of day ♪
-[choir] ♪ I shall rest ♪
♪ At the close of the day ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ For I know ♪
-[choir] ♪ For I know ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ There is joy ♪
-[choir] ♪ There is joy ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ Awaiting ♪
-[choir] ♪ For I know ♪
♪ That joy that awaits me ♪
[Sam Cooke] ♪ When I've gone ♪
-[choir] ♪ The last mile ♪
-[Sam Cooke] ♪ The last mile ♪
-♪ Of the way ♪
-[choir] ♪ When I've gone ♪
♪ The last mile of the way ♪
-[Ernestine] Clifford!
-[Uncle Clifford] Mm?
Come watch this shit for me!
What shit you need
fuh me to watch?
Do you see Mookie 'nem
on, uh, uh, uh,
Wid-Heaux Row?
Mm...
I seen "'nem,"
but I'on see Mookie.
[Ernestine] Niggah,
take that shit off 'round me!
I'on see Mookie.
[gasps] Then you know
what that mean!
Mm-mm. Mm-mm-mm-mm.
-[Ernestine shrieks]
-Nope, nope, nope.
[Ernestine]
Oh, come on, Clifford!
Mookie is Tydell's
third baby mama.
Now, she the mama
of Tiger and Pantavious,
-Patavious.
-[Ernestine] Patavious.
And--wha--the only reason
why her ass ain't there
is because she is busy
breaking her foot off
in a pot of chitlins
for the repast!
So what, you want the Rona
to run up on my ass
-at the repast?
-Chile, you young.
You ain't gone catch it.
Look, almost 40 ain't young.
It's tragic.
I'm gone get up and go up
my damn self then.
Where is my keys? I set--
[Uncle Clifford] If you just
don't sit your dried-up
-coochie down somewhere!
-[groans]
Now, you know
that this Rona shit
is just an excuse for crackers
to keep niggahs in the house!
[Andre] There's often...
...an unresolved tension
between who we are...
...who we say we are...
...and who we wanna be.
But my godfather...
Tydell Marcelous Ruffin Sr....
...never told a lie
that wasn't the truth.
[crowd agreeing]
What you saw was what you got.
Y'all know he'd call you
a bald-headed hoe in a minute.
Sho'll did!
And he'd end a compliment
and a insult
with his favorite word...
[all] Niggah!
Y'all know...
you didn't need
to be his blood
for him to be a father to you.
That's why,
despite the times...
...you all stand here today...
to honor not only his memory...
[Andre] but his legacy.
[Ernestine]
Niggah, is you gone go
steal that plate of chitlins
for me or what?
Stinky Re-Re, stinky.
That's weird, I feel like
I just bought some Pampers.
Since Regal been weant,
that Similac
been making her runny.
-I'll go to the sto--.
-No, I'll go.
But I wanna get some...
tampons.
But it's not the fourth yet.
-But it will be.
-[Derrick] Okay.
Grab me a pack of Coors Light,
will you?
[Gidget] I miss my bitch!
Why the fuck you got
a ski mask on fuh?
Ain't Arizona, like,
full of deserts?
But it ain't dry, bitch.
Keyshawn, the clubs
are live out here.
We coppin' bags,
and you need to come!
-You know, I can't.
-[Gidget] Fuckin' Derrick.
[Keyshawn] Uh...
Me and Derrick have actually
been, like, good.
Real good.
Bitch, what? We have!
Fact, he said he wanted
to watch the kids
while I go out
and get some air.
So a bitch headin'
to the dollar sto'?
Yes, cuz a bitch
need them Moon Pies
to get through this pandemy.
My mama loved Moon Pies.
Oh, I'm so sorry
about Deanna, Gidge.
[Gidget] It's all Duffy fault.
Motherfucker,
he killed my mama!
[Diamond] Put a fuckin' mask on
'fore you get up in my
mu'fuckin' sto.
[Gidget] He got it from those
lot lizards.
-Wait, Gidge, I can't--
-[Gidget] That's where
-the fuck he got it from.
-Dumbass.
Gidge, I'm here, I gotta go.
[Gidget] Then he had the nerve
to say he got it from me. The
fuck'--
[apprehensive music plays]
♪ ♪
Diamond...
Where yo' mask?
I, uh...
was just gonna, um,
run into the store quick-fast.
[Diamond] I can't let you in
without a mask.
Dollah sto' rules.
Well, but I-I was just gonna
get Pampers for Regal
and Moon Pies for, uh, me.
[chuckles]
Diamond...
it all happened so fast.
You know what? Not here.
[Keyshawn] Then when?
I haven't seen you since--
♪ ♪
I can't tell you how much
I think about...
[sighs] ...that night.
I was tryin'
to make it all stop, Diamond.
I just wanted it all
to fuckin' stop.
[Diamond] I ain't
gone tell you again.
Get outta here, Keyshawn.
Diamond, I-I'm tryin'
to apologize.
Well, I'm straight.
Can you imagine if you woulda
killed Derrick that night, hmm?
Where you would be?
Keyshawn,
get the fuck outta here
and go back
to your redneck babydaddy.
"Guttah niggers."
Yeah, he call methat.
I wonder what he call you.
He would never say that!
Then why you think
I tried to kill him?
-Aye, maine. Say, maine!
-[customer grunts]
Where your mask at, maine? Hmm?
[grunts] What the hell, man?
[customer] Goddamn!
[customer] Asshole!
Diamond...
Naw, I ain't got no need
for somethin' that don't work.
Hey, you 6'5", you ain't play
no basketball?
I mean, I play NBA Live.
All that tall...wasted.
Okay, okay,
so Morehouse/Georgetown,
what you doin' now?
Uh, you know.
Waiting for the world
to stop wobbling, I suppose.
[Uncle Clifford chuckles]
-Don't wait too long.
-Hey now!
Cuz the world steady
stay wobblin', chile.
[all] Hey! Uncle Clifford!
That fit bussin!
Hey, Chester.
Mm. Tydell Jr. Mm.
Tydell Jr. Jr. done got bigger
than Tydell Jr.
Hey, Tiny and Tiger.
Where the baby at?
Patavious in the back with his
bitch-ass step-baby mama.
Mookieeee!
Now, listen, now you
know why I'm here for, heiffa.
Fuck you, Clifford.
[Uncle Clifford]
Uh, condolences, bitch.
I'll be right here
waitin' on my tuppa-wure.
Is he really dead, tho?
Cuz that casket on TV
sho'll was closed.
Why you really here, Clifford?
I just wanted to make sho'
so I ain't got nothin'
to worry about no mo',
you know,
since you and your gawdaddy
tried to push my club
into a early grave.
Is it your club or Hailey's?
Uh, me and huh's partners now.
Well, then you ain't
got nothing to worry about.
'Sides, I don't even work
for Promised Land anymore.
Got laid off
soon as the virus hit.
Good day, gentlemen.
I just wanted to stop by
and express my condolences
about the passing
of y'all's father.
-He was a great man.
-He was aight.
Damn!
That was one of hell of
a speech you gave back there.
If I ain't know it,
I'd think you had reverend
along with that esquire title
in your name.
Congratulations,
InterimMayor Kyle.
Who woulda thunk
Lil' Wayne
would someday become
the Mayor of Chucalissa?
I do not
wear this crown lightly.
The people will, of course,
have to confirm me
in the upcoming
special election.
Might be easy since I'm only
running against myself.
Well, I may have to
throw this here hat
up into the ring,
'cause I know how to rocks
a heavy crown, chile.
I got all these signatures
to force this casinah vote.
I wonder how many votes I get
if I put my name
on that thur mayoral ballot?
That was truly some savvy
organizing there, Clifford.
Uh, well, you know the
Mayor of Pussy Valley
-always gets thangs done.
-[crowd agreeing]
Word on the streets is
me and Pastor Woodbine's
little-casinah-referendum-that-
could
is gone be right under
yo' name.
I wonder how the people
gone vote on that.
Well, that's something
that Mayor Ruffin wanted.
And I'm committed
to honoring his legacy.
Fact, I think the good folks
of Chucalissa
will show is that they, too,
wanna bring prosperity
back to this town.
Well, I'm all for bringin'
prosperity,
InterimMayor Kyle,
I just like it
when that shit shared.
-Here.
-Oh. [giggles]
Gotta go. Grandmother Ernestine
belly can't stand
no cold chitlins, now.
Thank ya, Mookie!
[door closes]
Good day, y'all.
[vocalizing]
♪ ♪
I meant what I said, Andre.
I will do everything
in my power
to honor
your godfather's legacy.
Or will you do everything
within your power
to uphold your supremacy?
Look...
I know last time you came here,
tempers flared a bit.
Now, as I'm sure
you're well aware of,
family business can be
a fraught affair.
And I'll always be grateful
you tried to help us Kyle boys
put a Band-Aid
over some old wounds.
[Andre] If that's what
you call a Band-Aid,
I don't wanna stand in front
of your bullets.
Good day, Wayne.
[tense music plays]
[baby wailing]
[Regal crying]
[bottle clatters]
You mad you can't
get these titties no more?
get this titty milk?
[soft solemn music playing]
♪ ♪
You'll be aight.
Once upon a time,
there was a lil' girl
with rull pretty hair.
Long hair like
yo' hair gone be, Regal.
But this little girl
wanted her hair longer.
See, she was on punishment,
and her mama had her locked up
in her room.
She didn't have time
to let it grow.
So she had her sister
go to the beauty supply
to get her some bundles.
She braided it up
in her hair...
making it so long...
[sniffling]
...it fell like ropes
to the ground.
♪ ♪
That should be all of it.
I got the rest of this.
Thanks for letting me stay.
I feel so bad,
but all the motels
in town were shut down.
Chile, don't even worry
about all that.
Don't na'an one of us stay over
here in this house no mo'.
All us been done moved out
of Pussy Valley.
[chuckles]
But it was something
about this neighborhood,
it just wouldn't let Tydell go.
[chuckles] Hmm.
Tiger, go on put
your little brother
-in his car seat.
-Okay.
[gunfire]
Is that a-a--
[Tiger] AR-15.
Makin' that sweet
midnight mursic.
Good ear.
Night-night, niggah.
[somber music playing]
♪ ♪
[doorbell rings]
Y'all forgot something?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
What is this?
A retainer.
A retainer. For?
[Corbin] If this casino
referendum go through,
Promised Land
still gone need them
that waterfront property.
One, who's running to a casino
in the middle
of a raging pandemic
if they build?
And two, Clifford Sayles
ain't selling.
But the newowner might.
[tense music plays]
I'll see you at The Pynk.
♪ ♪
What's wrong with you?
Talkin' to me like that?
Huh? What you say?
[Tina Turner]
Don't start with me!
I ain't in the mood today,
all right?
[Ike Turner]
You ain't in the mood?
Put your phone down.
This the best part.
Bitch, you know how many times
we done seen this shit?
[Tina grunting]
Here it comes. Here it comes.
-[Tina screams]
-[Ike] Fight like a man?
[Ike grunting, groaning]
-That your best shot?
-[Tina] That your best shot?
[both] You can't do
no better than that?
-[object clatters]
-[yelps] Fuck!
Bitch, really? Really?!
You gone up and have auditions
after I told you 'splicitly
not to.
Really, bitch?
I'm trying to make the best
decisions for the club.
You already have six dancers
splittin' the pot
on a strip-thru that barely
get customers!
And now that it's time fuh us
to get back in the building,
you want us to be jackin'
over a pot of chitlins?
We need more girls.
[Mercedes] We don't know
where these bitches
gone be rollin' in from!
Look, we already boxed
with Rona once.
I ain't doin' that shit again.
Jesus fucking Christ!
I am trying my best to keep
the fucking water
out the boat, Mercedes!
When I bought this club,
I didn't plan
on being hit
with a fucking pandemic!
So excuse me for actually
getting us this far!
For giving you
UNGRATEFUL BITCHES
a place to FUCKIN' DANCE!
[huffs]
So what Uncle Clifford
have to say about all this?
[Autumn] It doesn't matter.
I'm the owner.
Not Uncle Clifford.
Well, allrightsa, bawse-uh.
Yousa want some lemonades
before yousa goes to bedsa?
Good fuckin' night.
♪ Wade in the water ♪
♪ Wade in the water, chirrun ♪
-♪ Wade... ♪
-[door slams]
[phone buzzes]
[Lil' Murda's "When I Get Out"
playing]
♪ ♪
[Lil' Murda]
♪ Murda, Murda♪
♪ Watch out, watch out♪
♪ I told ya, I told ya ♪
♪ When I make it up out
dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma be stupid rich ♪
♪ I'ma blow
a whole damn bag ♪
♪ Push start brand a new jag ♪
♪ When I make it up
out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma go stupid dumb ♪
♪ I'ma spend stupid money ♪
♪ Comin' up out the mud ♪
♪ When I make it
up out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma be stupid rich ♪
♪ I'ma blow a whole damn bag ♪
♪ Might make
a fuck niggah mad ♪
♪ When I make up
out dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma go stupid dumb ♪
♪ I'ma spend stupid money ♪
♪ Comin' up out the mud ♪
♪ I said ratta tat tat
to your snapback ♪
♪ Drumming on beat ♪
♪ My DJ Ain't Neva Scared ♪
♪ So y'all movin' y'all feet ♪
[silence]
[softly]
When I make it out dis bitch.
When I make it out
dis bitch.
[soft musical build-up]
♪ ♪
♪ Stuck inside
the damn house ♪
♪ Tryna do some freak shit ♪
♪ Niggah might drop
three stacks ♪
♪ On titties
and skreet shit ♪
♪ My chain look like
December ♪
♪ I'ma cold mu'fucker ♪
♪ Gotta break out
gotta break out ♪
♪ Cuz I ain't just some
Stay home mu'fucker ♪
♪ I don't ever get
too low, mu'fucker ♪
♪ I don't ever trust
no hoe, mu'fucker ♪
♪ Four door ridin'
real slow, mu'fucker ♪
♪ Money and murder
and dough, mu'fucker ♪
♪ Uh, I don't need
clout and shit ♪
♪ Uh, I'ma work it out
and shit ♪
♪ Uh, I'm breakin' out
dis bitch ♪
♪ I'ma make it out ♪
♪ When I make it up
outta dis bitch ♪
♪ I'm gettin' to the money ♪
♪ I'm fuckin' up a check ♪
[echoing]
♪ Check check check check ♪